hi I'm Eric I'm very happy to show you
our products skin touch as the first
have a look at the how where the skin
touch with each other
look at this this is the platino is the
normal plot King out the data which is
emits flute is ping out to the RS app
look at this - metal point this is the
metal detector when testing you will put
this metal detector cost to your skin
like this ok now let's have a look at
our skin touch app open the app this
review is the test view when you test
the skin you will need to remain on this
view now I plug the skin tag detector
into iPhones audio jack you can see that
if your iPhone's audio is not in massive
volume there is a hint sauce there you
will have to turn the audio warrant who
the Messman ok let's do it
after we turn the audio volume to the
Messman the hint sauce that you now have
choose new Namas the lack of body part
there are three kinds of body parts face
hand and body body means other body
parts besides face and hand you can
select body you can select face if we
use the let the face the hair sauce that
touches your face which means you now
need to put the skin touch beat at a
cost to your face skin isolate the hand
and touch my hand here ok you can see
the my hands condition is coming out
there are free skin condition the water
conditions the oil condition and a cost
condition is 3 ok
okay every time you finish the testing
when the test English now is us is a so
you can press this Save button to save
all your results okay the Lisa has been
saved the closer you put the skin touch
detector to your skin the more act the
more accurate of your skin testing now
if we turn to the data view you can see
all the history data you have saved like
the hand a hand is indeed high just safe
and you can scroll this view to view the
history data and you can select all your
data and you can select a cos theta this
is the analysis with this view you
analyzed all your history records and
give you a summary about your skin
condition if the user are still not so
clear how to use our products in touch
they can turn to the user guide view
this view so clearly very clearly how to
use our product there are five steps to
use the skin touch if you finish is
testing the skin please pull out our
product thank you very much this is all
about skin touch